Ricky has been with Verizon since 2007. He started as a Network Engineer (Tier 1) supporting shared customers 
Advanced WAN Managed services (AWMS) ranging from banks to groceries food retailer. He supported Morgan Stanley as 
a Lead Technical Engineer (LTE/Tier 1.5) from 2010-2014 then moved to Enterprise Network Operation Center (ENOC) supporting 
Ahold USA until 2018. At present Ricky a member of Life Cycle team (Tier 2) supporting Target Corporation.

Ricky has strong knowledge of telecommunications hardware/software, WAN/LAN protocols and good understanding of VoIP telephony networks, 
cabling standards and ISO documentation. He also has passion for providing outstanding customer experience. He is part of a team of 
experts who are responsible for handling network/security support, problem management, managing network performance and 
proactively identifying issues before they become customer affecting. A team that provides 24x7 support, as well as provides 
training to junior engineers.

In 2005, Ricky started his career in telecommunications as a Data Engineer with Digital Telecommunications Philippines, Inc., 
locally known as DIGITEL. He handled transport layer infrastructure ranging from Naviscore's ATM/FR, Alcatel-Lucent's 
packet-switched wide area network (WAN) communication standard protocol X.25, ZTE's Dense Wavelength Division Multiplexing (DWDM) boxes 
and other similar products. He has also coordinated with peers at One Wilshire Meet Me Room (MMR) for circuit provisioning and/or 
troubleshooting outages. One Wilshire is the most interconnected data center and telecommunications site in the Western United States 
and one of the most densely interconnected such facilities in the world.

Ricky graduated from Polytechnic University of the Philippines, Sta Mesa Campus with a Bachelor of Science degree in 
Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE), class of 2003. 

Ricky has climbed the third highest peak of the Philippines, Mount Pulag at 2926 MASL (meter above sea level) in 2013. And planning
to do the second highest, Mount Dulang-dulang (D2) at 2938 MASL and the highest peak of Mount Apo at 2956 MASL. He is a member of 
Metropolitan Mountaineering Society. MMS is a mountaineering/outdoor recreation organization in the Philippines based in Manila. 
The group intends to educate its members in protecting the environment by promoting responsible mountaineering and 
other outdoor related activities. The organization was founded in 1994 and currently has around 200 members in and around Metro Manila.
